# R Projects
Learning how to code in R in order to clean data and create visualizations was what inspired me to jump into computer science. After a summer creating Davidson College's College Crisis Initiative (C2i) dashboard, I shifted to focusing on developing collaborative web applications as a way to connect users to complex data. I continue this work as a software engineer in MITRE's Data & Human-Centered Solutions Innovation Lab, where I work at the intersection of people, data, and decisions.

Though my career has shifted towards full-stack software engineering, I maintain this repository as a collection of miscalleneous R projects mostly from my time at Davidson College. In particular, this repository contains:
  - `/Arab Barometer Project/`: Data exploration, statistical models, and visualizations used for my final paper in POL 443 Political Islam under the guidance of Dr. Silvi Toska. Only the source code is in the repository, though it can be used to generate my charts and figures. This project comparatively studies Islamist politics and illiberal beliefs in the Middle East, and finds:
    - Levels of personal religiosity and support for religious governance do not indicate lower support for democratic processes
    - Instead, it is holding conservative interpretations of Islam that leads to higher levels of illiberal beliefs
  - `/Davidsonian/`: A couple basic R plots I made for the Davidsonian, my school's student newspaper. For better visualizations I've made, look at my `bitcoin-visualizations` repository.
  - `/Math Modeling Visualization Project/`: A choropleth map I made for a project in MAT 210 Mathematical Modeling.
  - `/Measurement Invariance`: This repository represents what I hope to be a future R package helping social scientists investigate and visualize latent variables. In particular, it contains the code I've used to test for measurement invariance through successive, increasingly constraining multi-group confirmatory factor analysis models.